Can you help explain cores.
>> So let's say I'm on gemstack.lol and
I have my main server or
I have like a utility file called slot and
it's located at /gemstack/utilities.js and
I import that.
That's pretty cool.
But what if I create a I say you know
what I don't want my utilities file to
live on my server I want
it to live somewhere else.
By default, your web page will
not allow you to do that,
that's called a cross origin requests and
the reason why we don't allow that
by default is we don't control that
origin, so it makes it really easy for
a malicious actor to kind of
mess with your connection.
So cores is about saying like,
I'm very explicit, I'm going
to allow gem stack.utilities to serve
requests to my domain and nothing else.
Because the minute you allow anybody
to import files into your domain,
you're just pulling randomly,
that's when security becomes an issue and
you can see the role of the browser and
you see with SSH you see with permissions.
All these things are designed to help you
not shoot yourself in the foot not do bad
things.
Hence, that's why cores exists.
Just it's just about being explicit
about the things you're important,
the things you run, or where it runs.
>> I'd like to ask Jem, if it's
valid to install a version of MVM in
the droplet to manage the node version
instead of installing it globally or
why it's not a good practice.
>> Yeah, you can saw MVM, no problem.
I do it on my local machine.
It's super handy.
There's nothing wrong with it at all.
We kept it very simple because
you saw the more complex things,
the more it's likely to go wrong.
But you can use MVM, there's no problem.
>> Any good Netflix recommendations?
>> I've been telling everybody here
in Minneapolis about physical 100,
great show on Netflix,
if you're into reality shows and
competitions, really enjoying that one.
I also enjoy Jungle on Amazon Prime.
It's foreign to the UK hip hop scene, but
I really enjoy the cinematography
on that one as well.
Not on Netflix, but I don't get
to watch a lot of TV these days.
When I do, I like to relax.
And of course my favorite is Formula One,
Drive to Survive,
the most expensive drama in the world,
hundreds of millions of dollars,
21 drivers, couple teams and
it's just drama, drama, drama.
It's such such good stuff.
>> What security measures will
be implemented in the Docker
environment if there are any?
>> Yeah, good question.
And the great thing about the Docker
container is we don't need that much
because there's only one port exposed and
we're very exclusive about that and
Dockerfile.
So any security you wanna implement
would be on the application itself.
So but you need to have to worry too
much because I can't you only have that
one port.
As long as you're controlling that,
you're okay.
The other security measure is the Docker
container is only running on one user,
the node user.
That user only has permissions to
run the application, that's it.
So it's pretty locked down, and that's
the good thing about Docker containers,
is you really don't have to go
through too much to lock it down.
Assuming you didn't misconfigure your
actual application server itself.
>> Can you make a container locally and
then just have it pulled
into the server by GitHub?
>> Yeah, there's actually a, I didn't
wanna get into it cuz you have to create
a login, but
there's something called Docker Hub.
So you can create a container and
a username and you can just push to
Docker Hub, which is the equivalent
of GitHub, but for Docker images.
That way anybody can pull your image down.
So I can create an image and
then share it out with you all and
you can just pull it in and now you
are running server on your computer really
easily and that's the power of containers.
>> Is there something else
you recommend as next steps?
>> Frontend masters.com/learn/full stack.
There's a full learning
path that goes through and
starts here and then goes through
know everything from Linux and
command line deeper to Vim,
deeper to containers, etcetera,
and a lot of the courses that were
mentioned throughout the day.
>> Yes, so you start with the frontend, as
we said, it's a really high overview and
there's a lot of places that dive in,
but we didn't.
Because even in the two day course,
we still went probably over time than we
could have and
we just touched the surface.
So you can get into databases,
Linux command Line, VIM Fundamentals,
which we talked about with
ThePrimaegen is right over there.
Introduction to Node,
Scott is an excellent teacher.
API design, you can get the AWS,
we only touched digital motion,
we didn't touch any AWS.
You can go into Docker containers.
More database things SQL and Postgre.
So we are you are here and here is a lot,
you made it this far, you've done a lot,
you've learned a lot.
And you can go deeper anywhere you want,
because any parts of the stacks
are probably their own roller company.
We made it to the end of full stack for
frontend three.
We learned about how the internet works,
we learned about domain name systems,
name servers and this Internet address
book, how we translate IPs into domains.
We bought a domain we
learned what a records are,
we learn what nginx was, we learned how
we use nginx to do a lot of things.
It can load balance,
it can route to applications,
it can do act as a web server
just serve HTML files.
Let's say more importantly,
we learned how the Internet works.
We learned other than, say network card
and routers and we don't own an ISP, but
we know what they do.
We learned about all
these other things and
the role they play in developing
a modern frontend web application.
And remember that iceberg
picture we saw at the beginning?
That frontend and everything else?
Now we know just a little bit
more about that everything else.
So, I hope you enjoyed the course,
pat yourself on the back,
you made it to the end.
You now have a fully functioning modern
web application that you can build on
top of and actually scale out and
it will scale out just fine
using all the steps we did.
Incredible, especially if it's
you're new to programming or
you've never seen any of these things
before, you've come such a long way.
So pat yourself on the back and
continue your learning journey and
I look forward to seeing
you in the next course.
>> [APPLAUSE]